# Sports Complex Management App
A NestJS TypeORM application to manage sports complex's classes, sports, and users.

## App Description
The Sports Complex Management App is a an application built with NestJS and TypeORM. It is designed to manage a sports complex, with features such as user management, sports management, class management, users enrollment management and schedule menagement.

Users can create accounts and get them verified which allows them to enroll and dissenrolled from a sport with the maximum of two sports per user. Users can also update their personal information. Age group property is calculated automatically based on user's age At this point all endpoints are open to everyone since admin dashboard is not implemented (except enrolling in class and leaving a review which requires user to be verified). 

API enables managing sports, classes, and users, updating and deleting each entity as well as viewing user reviews on classes. Average rating is calculated automatically. 

Every sport can have maximum of four age group classes: children, youth, young adults and adults and every class can have maximum of 10 users. When user enrolls in some sport, he is automatically assigned all classes for his age group of that sport - same goes for when creating new class - it is automatically assigned to all users enrolled in the sport class was created for if it matches users age group. 

Every class has its schedule consisted of smaller units of which every one refers to specific date and time of the class. 

The application uses a RESTful API architecture, with endpoints for all of the main features. The API documentation is generated by Swagger, making it easy for developers to understand how to interact with the application.

## Technologies
This project was built with Nest JS, TypeScript, TypeORM and PostgreSQL. I have also used Nodemailer library and Ethereal Email for user authentication and email verification and Swagger for documenting the API.

## Setup
This application can be easily Dockerized, allowing it to be run in a containerized environment. To run the application in Docker, follow these steps:
1. Install Docker and Docker Compose on your local machine.
2. Clone the repository and navigate to the root directory of the project.
3. Create .env file and replace the placeholder values in the env.example file with the actual values for your environment variables and the actual credentials provided by the API provider.
4. Open a terminal or command prompt and run the following command to start the application: docker-compose up (In case of any errors, you can run postgres container and start NestJS server with command: npm run start)

## API Documentation
The API documentation is generated automatically by Swagger. You can access the documentation by navigating to http://localhost:3000/api